The body of one Emily Sawyer.
the embalming of which is being performed
by Intern Rebecca Owens.
for her final supervised procedure.
Very good. Miss Owens.
Arterial injection.
Embalming is proceeding adequately.
Adequately?
Satisfactorily.
You're doing great.
Uh. did I do something wrong?
No. everything's fine.
Please. continue.
Embalming completed
at 4:24 p.m.
Fantastic job. Miss Owens.
All right. Miss Sawyer.
Let's get you tucked in.
Night.
Instruments in autoclave. check.
Table cleaned. check.
Restock.
Oh. God...
Mr. Delver. you startled me.
What are you doing?
Uh. I was just restocking the fluids.
I saw they were low.
so I was gonna stock 'em
before I went home.
There's never any reason to be down here.
There are extra bottles
in the front supply closet.
That should be plenty
until we get the next delivery.
Though. I appreciate
your attention to detail.
Of course.
Well. unfortunately
there's no great fanfare
to mark your completion.
Not in this line of work.
That said.
shall we toast to your achievement?
Uh. no.
No. Thank you.
Uh. I appreciate it though.
Of course.
My apologies.
No. It's fine.
I just. um...
I just don't really drink.
Nonetheless.
So. I'll be working on my own now?
For the most part. yes.
I'll mainly be handling
the business end of things.
Taking care of the families
or the loved ones and stuff like that?
Not these days.
We don't invite the families
into the office.
It's one of the reasons
I removed the doors
to the embalming room.
I found that when I'm working on my own.
it just makes things a bit easier.
one large prep room.
Easier to keep an eye on them. I guess.
Yes.
The hours will be fairly consistent.
Uh. other than the occasional weekend.
you'll mostly work the day shift.
I'll handle any remains
that come in at night.
But I don't mind working nights
if you ever need to...
- No.
No.
I wouldn't want you to get worn out.
Burning the candle at both ends.
it isn't good for anyone.
Besides. you're young.
You should be out having fun.
I don't really do much of that these days.
Well then I can expect you
to be well-rested
when you show up for your day shift.
Everything all right.
Ms. Owens?
Uh. um. yeah.
Uh. sorry.
I just got a bit of a migraine.
I'll be all right.
Well. with any luck.
we won't get anyone in.
You'll be able to take
the whole weekend off and relax.
Welcome aboard. Ms. Owens.
Again. and again. and again.
What the...
Uh. hi.
Uh. my name is Rebecca.
and today is my one year.
Um. sorry.
I... I don't really know. um.
what to say.
A... a year ago.
I didn't really think
that I would even be here.
But. uh. I'm sure you guys probably
hear that all the time.
Before I got sober. uh.
I think I was afraid of
feeling pretty much anything.
I would just shut off from everyone.
and I don't even think
I went more than a day
without numbing myself.
I guess I was just letting the fear
and shame kind of take over. you know?
Uh. would end up hurting
anybody who would try to help.
And I think that's been
the hardest part for me
is accepting the pain that I've caused
and people that I've lost.
Uh. but that's why I'm grateful
for this program.
because I know that I'm not alone
in that feeling.
And I can choose to not hide
from myself anymore.
Um. so thank you for letting me share.
Happy birthday.
You should be proud.
You should be proud of yourself.
It's a big deal.
And there's still work to be done.
but you know that.
We just have to keep taking it
one day at a time.
and you keep coming back.
This is why it's important
that we share our wins
and we celebrate each other.
so let's celebrate.
Rebecca.
Whoa!
Becca. I am so proud of you.
and your daddy.
Oh. God rest his soul.
He would be so proud of you. too.
Thank you for coming.
Of course. sweetie.
I love you.
I love you too. Grandma.
I'll see you soon.
Bye. honey.
- Bye.
Rebecca.
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm worried about you.
It is not uncommon for the first-year chip
to be the last one collected.
Well. I made it this far. haven't I?
Tell me you'll call if you start to slip.
I will.
Okay.
Just remember.
you're only as sick as your secrets.
And hey. congrats
on finishing your internship.
I know.
Hell yeah.
Although I will never understand
how you can deal with the...
Uh. okay.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Fuck it!
Mr. Delver?
Sorry to disturb you.
Ms. Owens.
I know you aren't feeling well.
No. it's okay.
Uh. what can I do for you?
Unfortunately.
I need you to come in tonight.
I know it's not
what we talked about. but...
Okay.
We got a transfer from the city morgue
this evening. several in fact.
and I'm unable to be there myself.
Sure.
I mean. that's what you've
been training me for. right?
Absolutely.
Good luck.
All right.
Wait.
Embalming and cremation?
Why do I need to do both?
Uh. whatever.
All right. Mr. Lebowitz.
let's get you embalmed
and. I guess. cremated.
All right. what do we have here?
Oof. yeah. that'll do it.
Oh. those look fresh.
Wonder how you got those.
Well. if you're curious why a bath.
that would make two of us.
I mean. why put in all this effort
if you're just gonna burn. right?
But the boss gets what the boss wants.
Okay.
All right.
Jacob Lebowitz.
Distinguishing works.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
River Fields Mortuary.
Hello?
It's Raymond.
Just checking to see how things are going.
Yeah. yeah.
Uh. it's been interesting.
Uh. I think the storm's causing
some trouble with the lights.
but they're holding up.
and I was just about to start
on the second body.
I was wondering if you had any questions?
If you need anything. call me right away.
Of course. Mr. Delver.
I'm sure I'll be fine.
Okay.
Well. you must have been
somebody's grandma. right?
My grandma.
she basically raised me after my dad.
And she...
Shit.
Um. uh. wait here.
All right. that works.
How did you do that?
That's weird.
Oh. you poor thing.
I'll be right back.
Is somebody there?
Raymond?
What the fuck?
Hello?
Mr. Delver. uh...
I... I can't hear...
You did this to me.
Who is this?
It's all your fault.
Hello?
Uh. report a missing person.
a child. my daughter.
Her name is Rebecca Owens.
She's 14.
You have to help me.
Dad?
She has a drug problem.
Uh. she went out on the lake
with some friends.
she never came back.
No. I'm not gonna wait 24 hours!
My daughter is in trouble. God damn it!
Fine!
No.
No. Dad.
I'll look for her myself!
Becca?
Not now.
Becca. you gotta let me in.
Becca. I'm here to help you.
Becca. come to this door.
I'm not leaving.
Okay. Okay. um...
Looks like you found some good stuff. huh?
No. um...
You're paying for it now.
I... I don't remember
coming home.
And I'm guessing you don't remember
calling me to come over?
Sounds about right.
Okay. so we start again.
Today is day one.
So we will make you
a big ole cup of coffee
and we will find ourselves a meeting.
Um. no.
I... I... I didn't use. okay?
I... I know that I...
I didn't.
Girl. now I know
what the day after looks like.
and it looks like you.
And you and I both know
that the first step
is to acknowledge.
So coffee. shower. meeting.
What we are not gonna do
is pretend that last night
didn't happen. okay?
That's what we're not gonna do
because we all know that it did.
So we're gonna get this coffee in you.
We are gonna find ourselves...
I didn't use. okay?
I know that I didn't.
I... I just... I need you
to believe me here
because I really...
Well. okay. I need you...
- Know that I didn't do it.
I need you...
- There's something...
I need you... I need you
to calm down. okay?
I'm here now.
Come here.
It's okay.
Okay.
All right. let's get that coffee.
What? Oh. hell no.
No!
No! No! Becca. no!
No! No! No!
Becca. no!
No!
Oh. no!
No. please. no!
No! No!
Oh. no!
No!
No! No! No!
Stop. stop it.
No! No.
No!
No. um...
Rebecca. are you all right?
Mr. Delver.
I didn't know who else to call.
Tell me exactly what you've experienced.
I think I did something really bad.
Where are you?
Home.
I came home and...
You left?
Rebecca. you need to go back
to the mortuary. right away.
It's far too dangerous.
- No. I...
No. no. I...
I can't go back there.
I'm not going back.
I know what you experienced
was terrifying.
I can explain everything.
I'll meet you there.
You knew?
I had to be sure.
You knew and you made me go in there?
Rebecca. listen. I am trying to help you.
Who the fuck you are?
The mortuary is actually the safest place
for you to be right now.
You have to trust me.
Anywhere else. you are a danger
to those around you.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
I don't...
I can help you
but you need to go back
to the mortuary now.
I will meet you there.
You...
You expect me to trust you now?
If I could spare you this. I would.
but I can only try and help you.
It isn't bound to me.
What do you fucking mean bound?
Rebecca. what I'm about to tell you
will be hard to believe.
but you need to listen to me
if you want to survive.
I don't understand
what you are talking about.
I don't...
What the fuck?
Rebecca.
Rebecca?
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Rebecca?
Rebecca. are you okay?
Girl. what is wrong?
The entity will do anything to weaken you.
It exploits the worst parts of ourselves.
any doubts. any memories. any sin.
anything to gain control. to let it in.
Why is this happening?
Entities can inhabit
the dead fairly easily.
but it's a prison.
a foothold into our world
until it can find
a living body strong enough
to withstand possession.
And that's...
That's what I am?
It is a weakness
that we both seem to share.
It simply found you first.
For most. the body shuts down
before the demon
can complete the evocation.
but not with you.
I'm sorry.
I had no way of knowing
that the possession had started.
let alone it had bound itself to you.
I want this to stop!
Just listen.
It knows you. Rebecca.
The demon knows everything about you.
all your darkest secrets.
and it will use all of it against you.
torturing you. weakening you
until you have no choice but to submit.
Okay.
So what do we do?
Well. I fear we haven't got much time.
The demon has bound itself to you.
Once it finds you. there's no going back.
And unfortunately.
I can't do this for you.
I've had years to learn what I know.
You have hours.
Okay.
Show me.
To banish a demon to hell.
you need to learn its name.
The demon's true name cannot be spoken.
These symbols when combined
represent the demon's place in one of
the three houses of hell.
Invidious. desolation. or emulation.
Okay. but where did
all of this stuff come from?
It doesn't matter.
Trust me.
I've been at this for a long time.
Let's try and take advantage of that.
When the mark contains the demon's name.
it should be placed on the body
and burned.
However...
But how am I supposed to know
which one to use?
Letting strips.
What are letting strips?
I'm sorry.
I've never had to explain this
to anyone before.
I forget how foreign it is.
Maybe the best thing to do is to show you
from the beginning.
The mark is only half of the equation.
In order to make sure
the mark binds. the...
Rebecca?
Rebecca.
You pathetic old fuck.
Do I have something that you want?
I think you need to reconsider.
This one's a little more useful
to you than the others.
Not chained in a tiny little box
or being burned alive in agony.
Another sacrifice
to save your fucking skin.
It's your turn to burn.
Raymond. I'm sorry.
- Raymond. um...
Raymond?
I'm sorry.
Wait. what?
- Why is the door locked?
Why wouldn't you open the door?
Raymond!
Raymond. come on. just open the door!
Why are you locking me in here?
Raymond?
You're supposed to help me. Raymond.
Please just open the door.
I don't wanna be stuck in here.
Please!
Raymond. just open the door!
You said you were gonna help me.
Raymond. please just open the door.
I don't want to be stuck in here.
Raymond. please!
Please!
Rebecca!
Grandma?
- Rebecca?
What are you doing here?
It's so cold out here.
It's freezing.
Let me in.
You're always such a disappointment.
Let me in!
Hey!
Dad?
I brought something for ya.
I thought maybe you could
slit your wrists. you know.
and we could be together.
Let me in. you little bitch!
Just... just
one little cut.
Oh. my God.
Oh.
Let me in.
You little bitch!
Rebecca.
You're going to die.
- You're going to die.
You're going to die. you shit.
You did this to me.
It's all your fault.
You're only as sick as your secrets.
I know you.
It's all your fault.
I have come.
You're going to die.
Come on. Rebecca.
Rebecca.
Just one little cut.
It will all be over.
Cut.
One little cut and it will all be over.
Cut. cut. cut. cut. cut. cut.
cut. cut. cut. cut. cut.
It will all be over.
Just one little cut.
Do exactly as I say.
Once you have chosen a body.
you must slice your wrist.
Why?
Why mine?
Do not argue with me.
Ms. Owens.
Suffering is the only way.
It craves suffering. your suffering.
Offer your blood.
Burn the body. and it will all be over.
None of this is real.
- None of this is real.
Rebecca?
It didn't work.
What do you mean?
What didn't work?
I... I burned the body.
I did it exactly as you told me to. okay?
I burned the body and...
Rebecca. I've been trying
to call you for hours.
I could never get through.
We haven't spoken since I left.
What?
N... no.
No. Raymond. I just talked to you. okay?
You... you told me
that...
Rebecca. you need to get off
the phone now.
No. no. no. no. Raymond.
You have to help me.
I don't know what I am doing here. okay?
The tapes.
What tapes?
Find the tapes.
They'll tell you what to do.
What... what tapes?
Raymond?
Raymond? Hello?
There is a series of recordings.
What recordings?
They're in the storage room downstairs.
They'll explain everything.
Follow the steps exactly.
Most importantly. you must inject yourself
with the embalming fluid.
Inject the body with reagent.
You must embalm first.
You must burn yourself alive.
He's here.
Screaming. suffering.
always pleading. begging.
pleading. begging.
please. please. please. please. please.
You can save me. Rebecca.
Save me.
Daddy's little girl.
No. No.
Burn the letting strip in order
to uncover the sigils.
Configure the demonic name on the mark.
Place the mark on the body
and burn in the retort.
The blood of the possessed
must be injected
into the deceased body housing the demon.
It must be administered as a reagent
when embalming in order
to bind it to the mark.
Otherwise. the entity will escape
before burning.
Reagent.
The other half. the mark and the reagent.
This is the only way.
I've found a way to prevent this
from ever happening again.
The blood of the possessed
can be extracted
and stored for later use.
I'm sorry for what I've done.
but it's the only way.
Please don't.
Raymond.
I'm sorry. Vallery.
Don't do this.
Please don't do this.
All right.
Now let's find your name.
Hey. little love.
Poor Rebecca.
Perhaps a familiar voice would make you
more comfortable.
Time is running out. Rebecca.
Just let me in.
Let me in.
It'll all be over.
Help me!
You aren't Vallery.
Not anymore.
Help me!
Help me.
Help me. Help me.
Help. Help me.
Rebecca?
Rebecca. where are you?
Rebecca. oh. my God!
Oh. God. no!
No. no. no.
Kid. please. not again.
Oh. my God. you gotta breathe.
You gotta breathe.
Come on. come on. come on.
Come on. come on. kid.
Yeah.
Please.
Hey!
Somebody!
Somebody help!
I gotta get help.
I'll be back quick.
I'll be back.
Help me.
- Help me.
Please. please. please. please.
Hello? Hello?
Is someone out there?
Um. Val... Vallery?
Please!
Help me!
Oh. God.
What has he done to you?
Please. Please!
I... I... um.
I'm so sorry.
I... I... I will be right back.
I promise.
I... I'm gonna come back
for you. okay?
Promise. I will.
I will be right back.
Don't go!
Please! Come back!
So you think this is the one?
Help me.
Help me please.
Oh. I thought it was over.
It will never be over.
Daddy.
Daddy!
Dad?
Hey. little love.
Dad. I'm so sorry.
I'm here and it's all right.
You're safe.
But if I...
If I had...
If I had just stopped. I...
You were a kid.
You were just a beautiful kid...
and...
well. I could've protected you better.
You need to stop doing this
to yourself though.
and you need to stop thinking
of me like this.
I can't. I can't.
I don't wanna forget you.
You won't.
But if you keep reliving that night
over and over.
that one night. over and over.
your only memory of me is...
Is pain.
Rebecca. please...
it's time...
to let the dead rest.
Dad.
Rebecca.
Rebecca. please.
Please. Rebecca.
Rebecca. please help me.
Please.
Rebecca. please.
Help me!
I'm here.
Rebecca. is that you?
- Yeah.
Can you see what he's doing?
Yeah.
You have to get me out of here.
Okay.
Okay. It's okay.
I'm getting you out. all right?
Okay.
Okay?
I'm gonna get you out.
Okay.
Oh. God. you poor thing.
Oh. god. It's okay.
I'm sorry.
Are you... what?
You're stupid. Rebecca.
Um...
Vallery!
By the houses of hell. I command you back!
Back!
Rebecca. are you all right?
Stay away from me.
Easy.
I know you must have a lot of questions.
What the fuck is happening?
Come upstairs.
I'll explain everything.
I'm sorry. Rebecca.
I am.
You shouldn't have had to face that alone.
But. unfortunately...
that is the life we lead.
How long have you been keeping her
down there. Raymond?
That's not Vallery down there.
Not anymore.
She died long ago.
Is that what you were gonna do to me?
Probably not.
So. you... you what?
You just keep her chained down there
so you can bleed her dry and...
Without her. there's no reagent.
Without the reagent...
You used her. too.
You knew it was Vallery's blood
and you used it anyway.
In the end. you chose survival.
just like I did.
We can't bring her back
and I can't kill her. Rebecca.
I won't.
Even though I know. it would be
the merciful thing to do.
Because she's not the only one.
What do you mean?
I watched others experience what you did.
but none of them survived.
I watched them suffer and degrade
until they were no longer themselves.
No longer human.
I looked for years for a way
to reverse it.
but all I found was a way to prevent it.
Using Vallery.
This one...
horrible thing prevented any more death.
One horrible thing.
Isn't that better than doing nothing?
I thought with all I'd learned
that I could...
I could have people
around again. that I could keep them safe.
But...
But you and me.
maybe we could find a new way.
No.
No. Raymond.
There is no we.
Rebecca. this isn't some holy war.
It's survival.
I'm not doing this for the greater good.
I just wanna live one more day.
just like everyone else.
Just like you.
Out there. you are on your own.
You're safe for now.
but once the houses of hell
have found you.
they'll do anything to get you back.
This has been my whole life.
It never goes away.
You have to learn how to live with it.
And how am I supposed to do that?
Stay here.
Learn from me.
The more you face
the darkest parts of yourself.
the less control they will have over you.
You can become unbreakable.
The more we know ourselves.
the stronger we are.
So. you're just saying
I'm never gonna be freed?
I'm afraid so.
But you can learn
how to live a life beyond fear.